c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.exe
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.pdb
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v17.1.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.xml
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.xml
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.xml
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.Form1.resources
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.exe
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.pdb
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.xml
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.exe.licenses
